# Teller

## Terms of Service Agreement

### Date of last revision January 27, 2020

By creating an account with Teller, Inc. (“**we**,” “**us**”, “**our**” or “**Teller**”) and/or using our Services (defined below), you or the entity or company that you represent (“**you**”, “**your**” or “**Licensee**”) are unconditionally consenting to be bound by and are becoming a party to this Terms of Service Agreement (the “**Agreement**”). This agreement governs your use of our software and technology, including our application programming interface and associated tools and documentation offered by us (the “**API**”), in computers, mobile phones/tablets, and other devices (such software and technology, the “**Technology**”), access to our proprietary platform that supports the functionality of the Technology (the “**Platform**”), and other products and services that we may provide (collectively, the “**Services**”). If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of an organization or entity, you hereby represent and warrant that you are authorized to bind that organization or entity to these terms. If you are under 13 years of age, you are not authorized to use the Services. Your download, installation or continued use of the Services will also constitute assent to the terms of this Agreement.

THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE, WHICH WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION, REQUIRE YOU TO SUBMIT CLAIMS YOU HAVE AGAINST US TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION. UNDER THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE, (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE CLAIMS AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING, AND (2) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO SEEK RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS.

In addition, when using certain Services, you will be subject to any additional terms applicable to those Services, including, without limitation, our privacy policy (“**Privacy Policy**”). All such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement. If you do not unconditionally agree to all of the terms of this Agreement (including the Privacy Policy), you will have no right to use the Technology and/or Services. If these terms are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to all of these terms, to the exclusion of all other terms.

### 1. Your Accounts

You will create an account to access and use the Services. You promise to provide accurate, complete and updated account information. You will be responsible for maintaining the security of your account, passwords (including but not limited to administrative and user passwords) and files, and for all uses of your account with or without your knowledge or consent. You will also cooperate with us in establishing a password or other procedures for verifying that only your designated employees have access to any administrative functions of the Services. You will ensure that the designated employees do not transfer their accounts to any third party without our prior written consent.

### 2. General Conditions and Your Obligations

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may access and use the Service only for lawful purposes. All rights, title and interest in and to the Services, Platform, Technology and its components will remain with and belong exclusively to us. This Agreement does not convey any proprietary interest in or to any of our intellectual property or rights of entitlement to the use thereof except as expressly set forth in Section 3. You shall not (a) sublicense, resell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, time share or otherwise commercially exploit or make the Service available to any third party (other than as permitted under this Agreement); (b) use the Service in any unlawful manner (including without limitation in violation of any data, privacy or export control laws) or in any manner that interferes with or disrupts the integrity or performance of the Service or its components, or (c) modify, adapt or hack the Service to, or otherwise attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service or its related systems or networks. You shall comply with any codes of conduct, policies or other notices we provide you or publish in connection with the Service, and you shall promptly notify us if you learn of a security breach related to the Service.

You are solely responsible for all data (including your end user data), information (including end user’s personal and financial information), feedback, suggestions, text, content and other materials that you upload, post, deliver, provide or otherwise transmit or store (hereafter “**post(ing)**”) in connection with or relating to the Service (“**Your Content**”).

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login, password and account and for all activities that occur under your login or account. We reserve the right to access your account in order to respond to your requests for technical support. By posting Your Content on or through the Service, you hereby do and shall grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, display, publish and perform Your Content in connection with the Service.

You understand that the operation of the Service, including Your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices and (c) transmission to our third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to operate and maintain the Service. Accordingly, you acknowledge that you bear sole responsibility for adequate security, protection and backup of Your Content. We will have no liability to you for any unauthorized access or use of any of Your Content, or any corruption, deletion, destruction or loss of any of Your Content.

We reserve the right to use your name and/or company name as a reference for marketing or promotional purposes on our website and in other communication with our existing or potential customers. To decline Teller this right you need to email stating that you do not wish to be used as a reference.

### 3. Intellectual Property

#### Limited License to Access the Platform

Subject to and conditional upon full compliance with the terms of this Agreement, we hereby grant you a limited, personal, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, royalty-free, nonexclusive license to use and access our Platform and online portal solely for your internal business purposes.

#### Limited License to Use the Technology

Subject to and conditional upon full compliance with the terms of this Agreement, we hereby grant you a limited, personal, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, royalty-free, nonexclusive license to use the Technology for the sole purpose of allowing you to build (strictly in accordance with our official user documentation) software applications (each an “**App**”) that may communicate with the Platform, and for other purposes authorized by us in writing.

#### Limited License to Distribute the Technology in Your App

Subject to and conditional upon full compliance with the terms of this Agreement, we hereby grant you a limited, personal, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, royalty-free, nonexclusive license to distribute the Technology in object code form only as part of your App, and only subject to an end-user license agreement which is at least as protective of our proprietary rights in the Technology as those contained in this agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, these terms and conditions will include terms for our benefit regarding (a) restrictions on reverse engineering (to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law); (b) disclaimer of warranties; and (c) limitation of liability, all of which will be at least as beneficial to us as those contained herein.

#### Improvements

You may from time to time provide suggestions, comments or other feedback to us with respect to the Services (“**Feedback**”). Feedback, even if designated as confidential by you, shall not create any confidentiality obligation for us notwithstanding anything else. You hereby do and shall grant us a nonexclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, sublicensable, royalty-free, fully paid up license to use and exploit the Feedback for any purpose.

### 4. Changes to the Technology

Your App will maintain 100% compatibility with the Technology and the Platform (including changes provided to you by us which will be implemented in your App promptly thereafter). You understand and agree that we may cease support of old versions or releases of the Technology at any time. We may also automatically update the version of the Services that you are using, including without limitation the Technology used on each device (each, a “**Device**”) of your end users.

### 5. Fees

Certain versions or functionalities of the Technology may currently be free of charge, but we reserve the right to make certain additional features, updates or new versions/releases available only for payment. To the extent the Service or any portion thereof is made available for any fee, you will be required to select a payment plan and provide us information regarding your credit card or other payment instrument. You represent and warrant to us that such information is true and that you are authorized to use the payment instrument. You will promptly update your account information with any changes (for example, a change in your billing address or credit card expiration date) that may occur. You agree to pay us the amount that is specified in the payment plan in accordance with the terms of such plan and this Agreement. You hereby authorize us to bill your payment instrument in advance on a periodic basis in accordance with the terms of the applicable payment plan until you terminate your account, and you further agree to pay any charges so incurred. If you dispute any charges you must let us know within sixty (60) days after the date that we invoice you. We reserve the right to change our prices. If we do change prices, we will provide notice of the change on our website or in email to you, at our option, at least 30 days before the change is to take effect. Your continued use of the Service after the price change becomes effective constitutes your agreement to pay the changed amount. We may choose to bill through an invoice, in which case, full payment for invoices issued in any given month must be received by us thirty (30) days after the mailing date of the invoice, or the Services may be terminated or deactivated. Unpaid invoices are subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month on any outstanding balance, or the maximum permitted by law, whichever is lower, plus all expenses of collection. You shall be responsible for all taxes associated with Services other than U.S. taxes based on our net income.

#### 6. Indemnification

You will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, our affiliates and each of our and our affiliates’ employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), that arise from or relate to (i) your, an Authorized User’s or your end users’ use or misuse of the Services (ii) your violation of this Agreement or breach of its representations or warranties, (iii) infringement by you or any Authorized User of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity, or (iv) a claim alleging that you or your App infringes or violates the rights of, or has caused harm to, a third party. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.

#### 7. Representations and Warranties

You represent and warrant to us that (i) you have full power and authority to enter into this Agreement; (ii) you own all Your Content or have obtained all permissions, releases, rights or licenses (including from all your end users) required to engage in your posting and all other activities (and allow us to perform our obligations) in connection with the Services without obtaining any further releases or consents; and (iii) Your Content and other activities in connection with the Service, and our exercise of all rights and license granted by you herein, do not and will not violate, infringe, or misappropriate any third party’s copyright, trademark, right of privacy or publicity, or other personal or proprietary right, nor does Your Content contain any matter that is defamatory, obscene, unlawful, threatening, abusive, tortious, offensive or harassing; and (iv) you are eighteen (18) years of age or older.

#### 8. Disclaimer

The Services may be temporarily unavailable for scheduled maintenance or for unscheduled emergency maintenance, either by us or by third-party providers, or because of other causes beyond our reasonable control. HOWEVER, THE SERVICE, INCLUDING THE PLATFORM AND TECHNOLOGY ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, AND WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES (INCLUDING THE TECHNOLOGY) WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, ERROR-FREE OR VIRUS-FREE, NOR DOES IT MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICES, AND NO INFORMATION, ADVICE OR SERVICES OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THROUGH THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, WHICH MEANS THAT SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN THESE STATES, OUR LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

### 9. Limitation of Liability

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, TORT, CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, WILL OUR OR OUR SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST SALES OR BUSINESS, LOST DATA, OR (B) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES, COSTS, LOSSES OR LIABILITIES IN EXCESS OF THE FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU IN THE SIX (6) MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO YOUR CLAIM OR, IF NO FEES APPLY, ONE HUNDRED ($100) U.S. DOLLARS. THE FOREGOING WILL NOT APPLY TO DAMAGES FOR BODILY INJURY THAT, UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, CANNOT BE SO LIMITED. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF YOU HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHICH MEANS THAT SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN THESE STATES, OUR LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

### 10. Term and Termination

This Agreement is effective as of the date you begin using the Services and is effective until terminated in accordance with this section. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by sending a cancellation request to legal-notices@teller.io. We may terminate your account and this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, immediately upon notice. We reserve the right to deactivate, modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof). We may also immediately suspend your account or terminate access without notice if appropriate under the circumstances, such as when we become aware of activity that is a violation of any applicable law or when we determine, in our sole discretion, that harm is imminent. All of Your Content on the Service (if any) may be permanently deleted by us upon any termination or deactivation of your account in our sole discretion. Even after any termination or deactivation of your account, we may still retain any information we collected about you for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in our Agreements with you or our Privacy Policy, or for a longer retention period if required or permitted under applicable law. If we terminate your account without cause and you have signed up for a fee-bearing service, we will refund the pro-rated, unearned portion of any amount that you prepaid to us for such Service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination will survive termination, including, without limitation, accrued payment obligations (if applicable), ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

### 11. Choice of Law and Arbitration

This Agreement is governed by and will be construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of this Agreement will be finally settled in San Francisco County, California, in English, in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“**JAMS**”) then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who will be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with such Rules. Judgment upon the award rendered by such arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing obligation to arbitrate disputes, each party will have the right to pursue injunctive or other equitable relief at any time, from any court of competent jurisdiction. For all purposes of this Agreement, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state or federal courts located in, respectively, San Francisco County, California or the Northern District of California. Any arbitration under these Terms will take place on an individual basis: class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted. YOU UNDERSTANDS AND AGREE THAT BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND TELLER ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.

### 12. Changes to the Agreement, Platform, or Service

We may modify the Agreement at any time, in our sole discretion. If we do so, we will let you know either by posting the modified Agreement on the Platform or our website or through other communications. It is important that you review the Agreement whenever we modify it because if you continue to use the Platform or Services after we have notified you of the modification and the modified Agreement has been posted on the Platform or our website, you are indicating to us that you agree to be bound by the modified Agreement. If any change to this Agreement is not acceptable to you, your only remedy is stop using the Services and send a cancellation email. Because the Platform and Services are evolving over time, we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Platform or Services at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion.

### 13. United States Government Matters

You may not remove or export from the United States or allow the export or re-export of the Services or anything related thereto, or any direct product thereof in violation of any restrictions, laws or regulations of the United States Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control, or any other United States or foreign agency or authority. As defined in FAR section 2.101, the software and documentation installed by Company on your Equipment (if applicable) are “commercial items” and according to DFAR section 252.227 7014(a)(1) and (5) are deemed to be “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation.” Consistent with DFAR section 227.7202 and FAR section 12.212, any use modification, reproduction, release, performance, display, or disclosure of such commercial software or commercial software documentation by the U.S. Government will be governed solely by the terms of this Agreement and will be prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement.

###  14. Miscellaneous
You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country and that you are not listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties. This Agreement represents the complete agreement concerning the subject matter hereof between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and representations between them. This Agreement may be amended only by a writing executed by both parties or as otherwise provided in Section 13. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision will be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. Any notices or other communications provided by us under this Agreement, including those regarding modifications to this Agreement, will be given: (i) via email; or (ii) by posting to the Platform. For notices made by e-mail, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is given. For notices made by posting to the Platform, the date of such posting will be deemed the date that notice is given. The failure of us to act with respect to a breach of this Agreement by you or others does not constitute a waiver and will not limit our rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. This Agreement is personal to you and may not be assigned or transferred for any reason whatsoever without our consent and any action or conduct in violation of the foregoing will be void and without effect. We may assign or transfer this Agreement, in whole or in part, without restriction. We expressly reserve the right to assign this Agreement and to delegate any of its obligations hereunder.

Please email us to report any violations of this Agreement or to pose any questions regarding this Agreement or the Service.